chore(docs): improve description of access rights for integration projects (#184)
camunda/camunda-docs-cawemo: content/user-guide/catalog-projects.md

## Collaboration / Access Rights

> Catalog projects are [projects created via integrations](../projects/#projects-created-via-integrations) and do not allow you to manage access rights like [projects created from Cawemo](../projects/#projects-created-from-cawemo) do.

Reviewer: This might be confusing for users who aren't familiar with Cawemo too much as catalogs are created manually by users and not via integrations.

Author: Good point, I will try to rephrase to clarify that.

Author: Maybe:

```suggestion
## Collaboration / Access Rights

Catalog projects are [projects used by integrations](../projects/#projects-used-by-integrations) and do not allow you to manage access rights like [projects created from Cawemo](../projects/#projects-created-from-cawemo) do.

You can create Catalog projects and as the owner of a catalog project, only you have the right to create, edit, and delete templates.
```

Is this clearer?

Reviewer: Yep, the first paragraph is clearer now. I'd suggest the following for the second paragraph:

```
Everybody can create Catalog projects but only the owner of a catalog project has the right to create, edit, and delete templates.
```

Author: Nice suggestion! 💯

## Collaboration / Access Rights

Other than [projects](../projects), catalog projects do not allow you to manage access rights. All [members of your organization](../settings#managing-members-admin-only) automatically have _read-only_ access to your catalog project, meaning that they can see your templates, but not edit them.
Catalog projects are [projects used by integrations](../projects/#projects-used-by-integrations) and do not allow you to manage access rights like [projects created from Cawemo](../projects/#projects-created-from-cawemo) do.

> As the creator and owner of a catalog project, only you have the right to create, edit, and delete templates.

Reviewer 2: I think "Catalog" can be lowercase here unless it is directly a product name.

Author: Just pushed an update to lowercase that. Thanks!
